Updated SHACL documentation (#174)
eclipse/rdf4j-doc: site/content/documentation/programming/shacl.md

There is no support for `sh:severity`, all violations will trigger an exception.

## Limiting the validation report

Large validation reports take time to generate and can use large amounts of memory. 

> Limiting the size of the report can be useful to speedup validation and to reduce the number of similar violations. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Limiting the size of the report can be useful to speed up validation and to reduce the number of similar violations. 
```
